hey what's up I'm bella thorne from
shake it up on Garrett Backstrom I'm
from hello Herman hi jate average hey
what's up Mme thorn hi I'm Thom beers
hey what's up I'm cam yet and you're
watching the lips TV
Hawaii a voice for summer d was
basically a calling so I started asking
and then started doing a documentary on
why there were no people in Hawaii of
the land that you could see and I found
out that they needed their sovereignty
and they needed to return to the land
and and now they're really working hard
to get back to their land and become
sustainable it's an important film
because it's very timely and I'm going
to be screening it for the series cat
creamers films to change the world
Catherines film is what I've wanted to
screen for a long time and we're
celebrating in here tonight so you know
it's really all about preserving Hawaii
for the natives and what that means to
them and how we need to address our
actions in Hawaii well I think that
Hawaii first of all is a it's a great
island and its really pretty and the
culture is amazing that's all about
friends and family and I think that that
is really important to take with a
message of the film for me is so
important it's that idea of you know no
matter how advanced we get don't forget
that connection to the land and to to
indigenous people all over the world I
think now is the time to fuse the two
all of this knowledge but let's not
forget the teaching of the past and I
think that's what this movie is all
about 'let's these sacred teachings are
still here and must be preserved I think
it's really important I'm a Pacific
Islander I'm from Guam so that's seven
hours from Hawaii so
it lived on an island just like it and i
think the culture is beautiful and it's
so unique in itself family-oriented and
i think it's a great culture and the
island is just so beautiful
my favorite fashion designer right now
is sue wong she is in Los Angeles and
she's a wonderful person she supports
Hawaii she lives in Hawaii as well and
she makes beautiful fashions oh my
favorite designer well i really love
armani exchange like their whole line is
just so amazing i love going there and
shopping with you know my whole family
and stuff and you know i really find
some really awesome stuff that nobody
else has so i really like it designer
let me think I don't have a favorite
designer because I think there's a lot
of great designers like Frances you can
pick Chanel which if you go for a very
classy look or you could go for
something totally different so i think
that there's there's a lot of really
great designers um I love Betsey Johnson
that's what my top is and I love Chinese
Laundry because they know they have
affordable shoes and there I was keeping
up the negative trends so yeah oh I love
for people probably to say it brain just
between guests and Armani I kind of like
Armani there Phoenix really nice you're
looking great today what are you wearing
I'm wearing a Armani shirt and I'm
wearing hot topic skinny jeans which are
pretty sick today I were a lot of BB and
bcbgmaxazria and
I you know I wear a lot of that but I
have there's many designers that I like
so it wouldn't be fair to name one you
know there's there's several
ha